So time for some cleanup work.
Now let's go through all these files and see if there are any old subscriptions which we don't need
anymore or anything like that.
So when you log in component days looks good to me.
Sign up also looks good.
No old subscription no old and destroy book now Andy.
Off guard.
Yes looking good.
Do we have any imports we don't need anymore.
I guess we don't need a router here anymore and therefore we can remove the router here like this now
and be of service
here.
We got our constructor
all these things should actually still be required.
So there's nothing we can remove except for these comments of course now any navigation components any
hetero component we can remove off subscription we can remove these subscription imports therefore we
don't need that.
And we did just delete Engy honest trial ready so this should now be all right.
And the site Nav. component here we also can remove the subscription import and the office of Trojan
and property which we don't use anymore.
We already cleaned up ngi undestroyed that's good.
Now in the Sherratt service here it is looking all right.
I'll leave that here.
I want to send the snack bar still.
And in the current training component
that's all the looking.
All right.
Stop training component should be fine.
Current training.
Quick look did we have.
Do we have any imports we don't need.
No that's looking fine to me.
New training here.
We certainly don't need to subscription anymore because we can't get rid of the or we already did get
rid of the old subscription properties so he implored was not required anymore.
Past trainings here.
There let's see that's looking good.
Yeah that's all looking good.
Nothing to clean up.
As far as I can see it in the training component itself.
Here.
We all can't get rid of the subscription import which you don't need anymore.
We're not using description anymore and the training service.
Now we need the subscription actually.
But here we don't need the subject anymore.
By the way do I have this in the office services still.
No because we don't need the Tier 2 so that is all right.
So back to training service there we don't need to subject anymore because I'll get rid of all my subjects
these free.
We don't use them anymore.
We use energy or X..
Now we also don't need these properties to manage to state here anymore.
It's not required.
We need to firebase Suppes those all keep that just weight training and running exercises is not required
anymore.
Ala firestorm is required.
You story is required and store is required.
So that is all looking good.
Exercise has changed.
Next that's obsolete.
We don't need that anymore.
We dispatch here with dispatch here we dispatch everywhere and we want to have that cancel subscription
function still to cancel our firebase subscriptions if we log out on the welcome component.
We shouldn't have anything.
And then the tiap component is here.
There we also have nothing spectacular.